§lInstructions
§r This book contains all of the keys to the structura tools pack I put in discord. 

If you name tag armor stands the names in this book you can see the various redstone contraptions. 

NP

§lNote: §r the name tag name only goes up to the colon and doesn’t include the colon.

NP


§lItem Sorters§r
Single item sorter: 6 side by side items sorters, this can be as few as 2 side by side or as many as you like within ticking

Non-Stackable: 2 non-stackable items sorters, minimum of 2 side by side

NP

§lAuto pusher §r
Auto Pusher 1: used to automatically push solid blocks like sand, concrete, stone as soon as it is placed.

Auto pusher 2: used to automatically push solid blocks like sand, concrete, stone as soon as it is placed.




§lAuto Dropers §r
Auto Dropper 1: 2x1x4 blocks in size, drops as fast as possible in Minecraft but doesn’t drop all blocks.

Auto Dropper 2: 3x1x4 blocks in size, drops all blocks but not the fastest.

NP

Auto Dropper 3: 3x3x1 blocks in size, drops all blocks but can jam up if unloaded

Auto Dropper 4: 4x4x1 blocks in size, drops all blocks, and isn’t the fastest.

NP

§lClocks §r

Clock 1: can be set between 2-5 tick clock using the repeater timeing settings

Clock 2: Can be set from 3-9 ticks by playing with the 2 repeaters.

NP

Clock 3: Observer clock, can stop if you unload when they are running.

Clock 4: Hopper clock, can hold up to 4 stacks of items and will take longer or shorter to toggle depending upon how many items are in the hoppers


§lPulse Shortener: §r
Pulse 1: Rising edge mono-stable. Pulses 1 time as it turns on.

Pulse 2: Falling edge mono-stable. Pulses 1 time as the signal turns off.

NP

Pulse 3: Falling edge mono-stable. Pulses 1 time as the signal turns off.

Pulse 4: Falling edge mono-stable. Pulses 1 time as the signal turns off.


§lLogic Gates §r
And: output only turns on if both inputs are active

Or: Turns on if either output or both outputs are active.

NP

Nand: Turns on as long as both inputs are not active. (so not and)

Nor: Turns on if neither input is active

Xor: Turns on if only one or the other is active but of if both are active.

§lPulse Extenders §r
Pulse Extender 1: a 2x1x5 pulse extender

Pulse Extender 2: A 5x3x1 pulse extender


§lFlip Flop §r

Flip Flop 1: each time the input changes the output toggels to the opposite state (useful for doors)

Flip Flop 2: each time the input changes the output toggels to the opposite state (useful for doors)




§lDoors §r
Barrel Door: This door uses a barel as a key, it can be frusterating to get the timing right, but it is kinda unique.

2x3 Trap Door: This door has an inner and outer lever that can be used to open it, it is pretty quick.

2x4 Trap Door: This door is taller but has to have 2 blocks above it to cover up some redstone.

§l Multi Item Sorter:
Multi Sorter: The multi item sorter slack helped me show case.

§l Snow farm §r
ReLiC: A stupid fast snow farm as an easter egg for getting this far in the book, put snowman on the honey blocks and let it go.

